I bought the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge G935F in Black from this product page a week ago.A lot of people have asked questions about this particular international version so I'll answer some of those first. For starters, the one I got was the english edition for the Saudi Arabia market (see attached photos, the guides came in english and arabic). From what I can tell, the phone is the same as any other international edition but with different preinstalled apps. Mine came with a SA region specific app "Shaid" (seems to be a YouTube-esque app in arabic) that I uninstalled and WhatsApp. Other than that the only remaining bloatware was stock Samsung apps (no carrier apps, thank god), the only other thing I noticed that may be region specific is the S Planner app has a "Hijri dates adjustment" setting. Lastly this version ships with a non-us wall charger (aside from the regular stock accessories) shown in my review images. Mine also came with an adapter for use within the U.S., I have tried it and can confirm that it works with fast charging.This phone also uses a different chipset (manufactured by Samsung, called Exynos 8890) than the U.S. version. Reviews I read noted that the phone was actually optimized for this chipset w/ better performance and battery life than the U.S. Qualcomm counterpart (Google it). In the U.S. version the Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 chip is used to support Verizon and Sprint customers whereas this version only supports GSM carriers.To preface the review of the actual use of the phone, I have owned the following devices and used them each as a daily driver for at least a months time: Samsung Galaxy S4 GPE, Samsung Galaxy S5, iPhone 4, iPhone 4S, HTC One M8 GPE, iPhone 6, iPhone 6S, Nexus 5, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P. The Galaxy S7 Edge has been the most delightful experience of the bunch. I won't go into great detail here but the camera is phenomenal and launches faster than any other phone I've owned w/ a double tap of the home button. The camera's auto focus is super fast and I feel like I'm able to get a capture a lot of moments that my previous phones were too slow to shoot. It's also nice to be able to change the quick launch apps on the lock screen, I have the dialer and snapchat as mine.Continuing a theme of high performance this phone is incredibly fast despite powering a QHD resolution screen. Apps are surprisingly quick to load and multitasking is a breeze (I even found some use in the Samsung's split screen feature). The fingerprint scanner is on par with apple devices (and nexus 6p/5x) although because of it's non-circular shape I find that I place my finger the wrong way more often. The battery is the best of any device I've used as a daily driver, I've been able to get through days of heavy usage like today (unplugged from charger at 5:45am, now at 25% at 9:03pm).The screen is BEAUTIFUL. Not only is it easy to read even in direct sunlight (something I have seen other devices struggle with) but the colors are vibrant and the screen is huge without making the phone too big or bulky. Perfect for watching YouTube videos and browsing instagram.Lastly a few notes if you buy this phone:- If you're not a fan of the stock Samsung launcher you can get the Google Now launcher from the Play Store, it's the same one used on Nexus devices and feels smoother than Samsung's launcher.- This time around Samsung decided to give you bigger icons which drove me nuts, search for "Get more on your Galaxy S7, S6 or Note 5 screen with hidden DPI scaling settings" from Android authority to get a 5th column on the home screen and smaller UI elements.- "Edge functionality" is just okay. The feature feels a bit less than polished because of the weak offerings in the Samsung app store - I have it turned off.Edit 4/8/2016: sorry about the quality of the photos of the actual phone - they were shot with the wide angle lens of my GoPro whereas the other images were shot with the S7 Edge.Edit 4/10/2016: added some higher quality images from my new camera.Update 5/9/2016: I've been using the phone as a daily driver for over a month now. I'm still impressed by the overall gfx smoothness, how fast apps load, and camera performance.Update 7/25/2016: still in love with this phone. I'm honestly not sure what would compel me to purchase a new phone at this point.. I also rooted the phone and changed the emojis to the iOS 9 set with the Emoji Switcher app from the play store. No more guessing when messaging my iOS friends =)A lot of commenters have asked which seller I purchased mine from: Wireless Everything.
The Galaxy S7 Edge is a nice phone. There is no questioning that. It's certainly good that Samsung brought back the expandable storage via the Micro SD slot because it was obnoxious for them to ask for $200 more for the larger capacity phone last year when you could have bought your own extra storage for $30.The S7 Edge still doesn't have the removable battery which is a problem for me as I like to keep phones for a few years. Batteries only last a year or two before they start to show a noticeable reduction in performance. I like being able to get the $20 replacement battery, pop it an and be on my way.And while the S7 is a great phone otherwise in every category, there are budget phones now that are starting to get pretty darn good for around $200 to $300. They aren't as good as the S7, but they are as good as the S4. So they are 2-3 years behind, but the phone tech from 4 years ago was pretty good for the average user. I was ready to buy the S7. I had it in my hand at the T Mobile....and just decided to go with a lower cost phone. The S7 is awesome, but I couldn't justify the price tag.The S7 Edge earns it's value for 2 types of phone users though. People who want an really good camera in their pocket at all times and people who like to play high end graphical video games. If you are one of those people, then this might be a good value at $700 for you. If you just want to make calls, text your friends, take the occasional picture, and play a couple fairly simple games, you might consider one of the more budget friendly phones by companies that were considered off brands 3 years ago but who now are making very quality phones. (Asus and Accetel come to mind. There are others. There are also some really garbage off brands that you want nothing to do with.)Or maybe you just want a massively overpowered phone, in which case, this is the one for you. No one really NEEDS a Ferrari either, but I certainly understand why people want them! The S7 is the same way. It's probably more powerful than you need, but it's awesome.But as for the Galaxy S7 the reintroduction of the micro SD slot for expandable storage makes it a significant improvement over the S6. Just be careful when buying a micro SD card. Stick to the major brands (Samsung, SanDisk, Kingston, etc). A large number of the off brands are fake cards. They might have 128GB printed on the side and might even show as 128GB in the phone, but they are really 16GB cards that have been hacked. once you get the card, even if its a name brand from a reliable seller, test the card to make sure it's actually the real capacity it claims to be by either using a testing program called h2testw or just put 40gb of data on it and make sure you can read it back properly.
Buyers Be AwareThis shipper has send me 'FAKE" Samsung cell phone.Everything looks almost similar to the original Samsung but many features do not work especially the Camera makes terrible low pixel pictures, no screen stability, always lagging behind and many more.... buyers be aware.Although I send it back immediately, I am still working to get my money back.
Oh, another year 2016. Another set of phones from manufacturers! I have been hooked onto get the latest phone every year syndrome and love reviewing specifics. Disclaimer, I love Android and have been using from very early days. Samsung Galaxy S7 still is evolutionary. If you have an older phone more than 2 years old, absolutely get this. So do check local specs. I played around with both S7 and S7 Edge for few days and my opinions are based on this. There are tons of reviews going into lot of details, so I am focused on few other aspects like what’s out there and how to compare specs. Overall S7 and S7 were very slick. If I have to make a choice between S7 and G5, I will slightly lean towards G5 but both are fantastic!First Big Changes: microSD is back. And back with a vengeance 200 GB. I love it, and have been using it in my current LG as well.  Unfortunately, the battery is non-removable, has not been addressed. The only flagship to feature a removable battery so far this year is the LG G5. I know many of you loyal Samsung fans says BUMMER! I was a diehard fan of Samsung till S4, then I went to LG G2/G3. I was very curious to try out S7 as they are most talked about now. Why did I love it?! Screen is a beauty on S6 – Just Gorgeous. Just go to a retail store and feel it!The Edge feature is still gimmicky. I think it will fold into regular phones at some point. It is certainly fancy and nice to show off, but I would rather buy an Android wear watch like Motorola 360 or Samsung Gear or LG R series.IF YOU HAVE LAST YEAR model of any phone, PLEASE DON’T upgrade. Phones are becoming so standard and power packed it makes no sense to upgrade and waste money every year. I buy and sell so many phones as it is like a hobby for me, but I stick to one phone as primary for couple of years now. My main requirements are a 200 GB microSD, good screen, battery life and performance. I am trying hard to see if I can live without one.In my opinion, following are key specs to consider when you buying a phone. Most of others are standard or does not matter at all. First size, weight and resolution are part of look and feel. RAM/CPU part of performance. External Storage is part of expandability. Camera is obvious! SAR (Specific Absorption Rating) is an often ignored, but I feel essential to making a buying choice. Manufacturers don’t advertise or mention SAR prominently.phone parameters: {size, weight, resolution, ppi, RAM, ext Storage, camera, CPU, USA SAR rating}Samsung Galaxy S7: 5.61 x 2.74 x 0.31 in, 152 gm, 1440 x 2560 pixels, 5.1 in, 577 ppi, 4 GB RAM, YES MICROSD SLOT (GOOD!), Internal Storage upto 128 GB, Exynos 7420 Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & Quad-core 2.1 GHz Cortex-A57, Gorilla Glass 4, 16 MP/5MP camera, SAR 1.40 W/kg (head)  1.59 W/kg (body)  NANO SIMSamsung Galaxy S6: 5.65 x 2.78 x 0.27 in, 138 gm, 1440 x 2560 pixels, 5.1 in, 577 ppi, 3 GB RAM, NO MICROSD SLOT upto 200 GB (bummer), Internal Storage upto 64 GB, Qualcomm MSM8996 Snapdragon 820/Exynos 8890 Octa, Gorilla Glass 4, 16 MP/5MP camera, SAR 1.15 W/kg (head), 1.16 W/kg (body) NANO SIMSamsung Galaxy S6 Edge: Slightly lower dimensions, 0.01 in thicker, 6 gm less weight, Same resolution, Curved Screen,HTC One M9: 5.69 x 2.74 x 0.38 in, 157 gm, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 5 in, 441 ppi, 3 GB RAM, microSD upto 128 GB!, 20.7 MP (rear), 4 MP(front for selfies), Qualcomm Snapdragon 810, Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & Quad-core 2 GHz Cortex-A57LG G5: 5.88 x 2.91 x 0.30 in, 159 gm, 2560 x 1440 pixels, 5.3 in, 554 ppi, 4 GB RAM, microSD upto 200 GB, 16 MP/8 MP, Dual-core 2.15 GHz Kryo & dual-core 1.6 GHz Kryo - H850, Quad-core Cortex-A72 & quad-core Cortex-A53 - H840 , xx W/kg (head), yy W/kg (body) (unknown at the time of writing) Nano SIMGoogle Nexus 6: 6.27 x 3.27 x 0.60 in, 184 gm, 2560 x 1440 pixels, 5.96 in, 493 ppi, 3 GB RAM, no ext Storage, 13 MP/2 MP, Qualcomm Snapdragon 805, Quad-core 2.7 GHz Krait 450, Adreno 420, 1.47 W/kg (head), 0.93 W/kg (body)Apple iPhone 6 PLUS: 6.22 x 3.06 x 0.288 in, 172 gm, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 5.5 in, 401 ppi, 1 GB RAM, no ext storage, 8 MP/1.2 MP, Apple A7, Dual-core 1.3 GHz Cyclone (ARM v8-based), 1.12 W/kg (head), 1.18 W/kg (body)Samsung Galaxy Note 4 N910: 6.04 x 3.09 x 0.33 in, 176 gm, 2560 x 1440 pixels, 5.7 in, 515 ppi, 3 GB RAM, micro SD upto `128 GB, 16 MP/3.7MP, Exynos 5 Octa 5420, Quad-core 1.9 GHz Cortex-A15 & quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7, SAR: 0.37 W/kg (head), 0.88 W/kg (body)Amazon Kindle Fire: 5.5” x 2.6” x 0.35”, 160 g, 1280 x 720 pixels, 4.7”, 315 ppi, 2 GB RAM, 32 GB, no microSD, 2.2GHz Quad-core Snapdragon 800 CPU, with Adreno 330 GPU, nanoSIM, SAR: 1.34 watts/kgGiven the above key specs, my suggestion to my friends is to choose 2 or 3 KEY features you require (may be large screen size, maybe less weight, maybe more CPU power) and then start nailing down the phones. Definitely and definitely go to a phone or a big box store and feel the phone. Nothing replaces that. In the end you are using it for days and years, so the tactile feel is very important. I have used all these phones and at a high level they are all good. Few things here and there. And yes the cost. If you are in for a new smartphone and has a budget issue, GET LAST YEAR MODEL. They are as good as current year and probably half the cost! In this case I even suggest Galaxy S4 as it is an outstanding phone. It’s much cheaper and you will be happy!!SCREEN SIZE/RESOLUTION:I have experimented with many phone sizes and I have come to a conclusion 5” is the best form factor for me. Your mileage may vary, The display is absolutely stunning with a Quad HD screen and you have to see to feel it.ANDROID UI:S7 has Android OS v6.0 (Marshmallow)out of the box. User Interface has a flatter and simpler design, as is now the trend across the industry. Once you get used to user interface you get used to it. Android is very flexible and when I show my phone to a iPhone users they are usually in awe. I recently showed to my friends the details of processes. Battery usage like which process takes up more battery.S-Health is a big deal, the app is beautiful and the heart rate and oxygen level measurements are great to keep track. I use Runtastic Pro and Nike+, but like the UI of S-Health too.CAMERA:Fantastic camera. One of the best smartphone cameras. Period.PROCESSING POWER:Don’t bother about it. For 99% of users, this is good enough. The phone has more processing power than the rocket that went to moon first time and much more. The games are very smooth, the UI is very smooth.NFC Tags:Wow, this is the most underrated in all reviews. I use AndroidPay constantly. I use it in WholeFoods and it is so easy. I have used at Walgreens too. Get bunch ( I mean around 10) of NFC Tags and use in bedrooms, offices, cars, living room and customize what your phone wants to do in those areas. For example, when I enter the car most often I use a) Navigation b) Listen to Podcasts. So I program my NFC tags accordingly using apps like Trigger and tap my phone to the NFC Tag and boom, phone does both.BATTERY:Do you really need to care for battery anymore. I don’t. Just use the phone. I have battery power banks with capacity as high as 30,000 mAh to 8000 mAh that I can charge virtually anywhere without a power supply. So this has become moot for me in past year. I would also suggest you get power banks and not really care of battery drainage. Use the phone and enjoy!To give a sample, I tried following apps and they just worked awesome.Amazon Mobile, Androidify, Aldiko Premium, Angry Birds (multiple themes), Asphalt 8, Box, Chrome, Android Pay, NAVIGON (from Garmin - offline maps), Nokia HERE Maps, Google Navigation/Earth/Maps, Google Drive, Ebay, Linkedin, Google Music, Tapatalk (awesome forum browsing app), Microsoft One Note (legacy docs, skydrive of 25 GB is good), Microsoft Office, (yes they have for Android!), Subsonic Music Streamer, TweetCaster Pro for Android (excellent twitter client), Twit.Tv, TriggerAsk questions. I will be glad to answer any questions within 24 hours.
The phone worked great. I bought it from Amazon as the seller. I purchased a clear case here on Amazon too. The screen however does break easily, so get a really protective case for this phone. All performance aspects of phone were good, but it only lasted 3 weeks. I hope Samsung can repair it under their paid services. I will find out and report back. I'm in the USA and this is the international version, so we'll see if they will service it.Update 09/24/16 - I called Samsung and explained I want to pay to have the screen replaced, but the IMEI does not come up in their system and they won't touch it. I argued that a screen is a screen and I really want to pay whatever it cost to have it repaired. Samsung said no. If you buy a phone not from your country you may not be able to get any type of service.I called Amazon too in hopes of finding somewhere to send it for quality repair, but no luck there either. Guess I will have to try a mall kiosk.The worst part is the lack of service available from Samsung, especially their paid service. If I'm requesting paid service why do they turn me away?Update: I am sending the phone to a place that will replace only the outer glass. Won't be perfect but functional hopefully. Will post hoe it goes.
I ordered this phone which was branded as an original but it was completely fake. Not only was the Samsung brand not on the back of the phone, but also the features of the phone event the writing was different from the original phone.
Received the phone today. I carefully take a look at the seal as I've heard people claim that the seal is broken from manufacturer. The seal seemed fine at first but if you pay attention, you will notice there's a layer under it.Haven't used the phone yet but I feel like I'm deceived so I return it immediately!P/S: Samsung is starting to sell international version, customers should think about thatBought from Wire**** Pl***
After being a loyal Samsung/Galaxy customer for many years today is a sad day. After only owning my Galaxy S7 Edge for 13 days I have cracked/shattered my front screen. First of all I didn't even drop the phone, my phone was in my lap and I was tossing my lighter (maybe 5in above the phone) and didn't catch it. Well of course It landed right on the glass edge of the finger print/home button and it cracked most of the screen! Like really! I researched online and found that this is a problem many other S7/S7 Edge owners are experiencing, breaking their screen in situations that the screen should be able to withstand. I did not get insurance on the phone because I was confident in the Samsung/Galaxy name, having owned other galaxy phones and putting them though many drops in the 2 yrs I owned them with never any cracks or shattered screens. I am sad to say that if you are looking to upgrade, or just buying a new phone, do not go with the Galaxy S7/S7 egde, because of the build quality alone. The phone itself, as far as operating system and programs is an amazing phone. But the glass phones are obviously not a good idea, even Apple finally went away from it, so why on Earth would Galaxy choose to go to all glass phones! I'd rather they stuck with the cheap (but much more durable) plastic design. I am now stuck with a brand new/broken phone for 2 years, and when that time is up you can guarantee I will be looking elsewhere for durable build qulity, not just flashy looks, I have learned my lesson (Gorilla Glass 4, HA!)....
DesignSamsung's phones this year are very similar to the S6-Note 5 range from last year. The new models still are made of glass (it is Corning Gorilla Glass 4, which is very high quality and durable). But in no way allow the similarity to discount how good they still look. The looks are still fantastic and the black, gold, and silver titanium colors looks premium. The colors no longer have hidden colors that show up in sunlight, as the black color is simply just a jet black and same for the gold. The silver titanium has a mirror like finish to it, so it is still reflective.The Edge design remains a terrific looking device and a lot of fun to look at and interact with. The curved slopes on the sides are the same as last year and creates a cool, cascading waterfall effect when holding the phone in landscape mode and scrolling text.Even today, there is no other phone I find as appealing as the black Galaxy S7 Edge. The jet black color coupled with the curved sides gives the illusion that your screen is floating.The Galaxy S7 Edge brings the welcome return of dust and water resistance. It is now IP68 certified and is water resistant up to 3 feet and 30 minutes. I find this to be a great return to form and something that should be mandatory for all phones moving forward.CameraThe 12MP camera on the back is very good, but I honestly feel like it’s not as great as the Galaxy S6 Edge’s camera, (or the Plus version either). Samsung actually reduced the megapixel count and I feel like it shows. Samsung has stated that due to improved image software and better pictures in low light conditions, it is a worthy tradeoff, but I don’t feel like it was worth it completely. It comes with OIS to help with image stabilization and the camera loads extremely fast. You can load it by clicking on the icon on the home or lock screens or my favorite way: by double clicking the home button. The delay is less than a second which is impressive. The images look great on the screen, but unlike the 2015 models, you lose more detail when enlarging them on the phone and on a computer screen/when printing them out.The 5MP front facing camera is still very good. It has a wide field of vision and takes stellar pictures. It also has a front facing flash which is nice and helpful in low light conditions.DisplayAnother year later and it is still hard to find a better looking display. It’s a 5.5-inch screen and 534 pixels per inch, which creates an unbelievably great looking screen. I would have still preferred it remain the same size as the regular Galaxy S7 like they did last year with the 6 models, but due to the slopes, the size doesn’t really affect as much as it would if wasn’t curved. It is bright, detailed, and showcases amazing color accuracy. Sometimes the colors may appear a little warmer than they are in the vivid setting, but by playing around in the display settings, this can also be corrected if need be.AudioThe audio is good and loud. I do wish the Galaxy S7 Edge would take cues from some of their competition and utilize front facing stereo speakers. When holding the phone in landscape mode and watching a video on say Netflix, it is a little hard to hear at times due to the fact that the sound is only coming out the right or left side only.BatteryThe battery has been bumped up to a 3,600 mAh battery, which is 600 mAh more than the S7 and wow, is it great!. The battery life is superior to last year’s model and does a great job of getting me through the day. The turbo charging is still excellent, but the wireless charging also had some issues with staying connected, and I’m using the official Samsung wireless charger.FunctionalityThe Edge panel allows you to set up a quick swipe option on one of the two sides. It still retains the same functionality as last year where it allows for news briefs, sports scores, or stocks to tick across. It also allows you to set up the ability to swipe for your five favorite people or to go to your most used apps. Samsung has increased the amount of options which now has options such as having a CNN, NBA, Weather Channel or daily calendar app. These new app selections are just much more useful than last year’s options.Unfortunately, the core options from last year are pretty much unchanged. There is still the option to have the side panel light up a certain color for your five favorite people, but only if the phone is face down. It is called Edge Lighting. I would find this to be a more useful and cool feature if it would do this when the phone is face up and just the panel would light up a certain color. Finally, there is a Night Clock option which dimly lights up the side with the time which is the most useful of these apps. Many of the options still feel half-baked and not fleshed out well, so it’s a bit of a letdown to not see those native options be improved very much, if at all.The Always on Display function is nice and useful at times, but I have found it to also be distracting due to one flaw. If you have your phone on your desk at work or by your computer, it is a distraction because the clock will jump around the screen every few minutes. This is due to Samsung wanting to reduce the risk of screen burn in, where if an image is in the same spot all the time, it runs the potential of frying out that particular spot on the screen. That is all well and good, but ideally I would use the Always on Display to silently know if I receive an important text or call. When the screen jumps around, I find my eye wanders to it every time not knowing if it’s lighting up to show a new text or if it’s just simply shifting around.The themes option out of the Samsung store is great and has grown a lot since last year. It allows you to completely customize how you want your backgrounds, keyboard, text messages, and overall aesthetic to look. It is a bit unfortunate to see more and more of the themes to no longer be free like they were when the theme store was first launched.The phone itself works well, although at times there is an issue with lag and app crashes. It was running Android 6.0 Marshmallow and everything worked nicely for the most part. Samsung has gone back to using a Snapdragon processor after spending last year utilizing their own chipset. TheSnapdragon 820 processor of this year is incredibly fast and the 820 is marked improvement over the 810 which would get too hot and stutter at times. This coupled with the 4GB of RAM makes the phone blaze through almost any task with minimal issues. It is among the fastest and most reliable phones I have ever used.  This, combined with the 4GB of RAM the S7 Edge has, means that the phone is up for any task with amazing speed.The fingerprint sensor still feels not as fast and accurate as some of the better options out there. It is accurate I’d say 75% of the time, but sometimes it can be very finicky which is frustrating due to the fact that it’s meant to be both fast and more secure.With Android, you get more customizability in terms of launchers, themes, widgets and colors than you do with Apple’s IOS, but you also have to wait longer for updates, have potentially more issues with security, and have an app store that isn’t as fleshed out or monitored as Apple’s is. Android definitely is for those who want more customizability and are adept/willing to do a little bit more tinkering with it to set it up just the way they want it.I enjoy Touchwiz and the added options Samsung provides. It allows for things like an improved Calendar from stock Android (it shows more information on the month view), added customization tweaks and a multi window to be multitask, although I still can’t see why a basic app like the calculator can’t work there in landscape mode.I am very glad to see the expandable storage options of the past return. It is great to be able to freely be able to upgrade the storage to 256GB which should be more than enough for most people. The 32GB base is also nice and the bare minimum a phone should come with in 2016.If you would like to read more of my reviews, please check out: smartphonehaven.com
I have never bought a phone outside a carrier. That and the fact the label said International and No Warranty really had me concern. Not having ATT branding and stuff cluttering my new expensive phone was enticing though. Not having ATT block or delay my phone updates also was interesting. Having a white phone was a small but nice benefit too. So I cancel my ATT purchase and bought from Mercate Group. ATT said it would ship at the end of month, Mercate said I would have my phone by the end of month. Reality was Mercate quickly sent me my phone within a week. Did not have to pay extra for quick shipping either. When I contacted seller about warranty they said they would honor the 1 year warranty. With no sales tax through Amazon I saved $55, got my preferred phone unbranded and unlocked, quicker and cheaper than ATT. Though I must say ATT activated the phone to my GOPhone account quickly and easily with no charge either. So far I am extremely satisfied with everything regarding this purchase. As far as warranty we will have to wait and hope not to need it. Another thing is that the AC charger included has a European plug but an adapter was included, I think by Mercate,
Problems with my product samsung galaxy s7 edge:1. Samsung galaxy s7 edge Box was not sealed2. It was labelled International version at the bottom of the box and also labelled American sim only at the back of the box3. After starting the device, I noticed the bottom right corner of the screen had a little blacked out portion on the display itself. (maybe damaged item was sent)4. When I opened the unsealed box, content was not arranged as it should be ideally. (It was messed up)
The phone it is ok.. but the charger dont work it for me,  i am from latino america and the charger have an entrance different.. now i am looking for a charger in my country.. i paid 700$ and i can not charge my smartphone......
BEWARE!!!! Do not spend all that money on an international version, if anything goes wrong with the phone within the year, the seller will only tell u contact samsung and when caontacted samsung will tell you that you need to know which country the phone came from and that you would need to send it to that country for warranty repairs. DO NOT PUT YOURSELF THROUGH THE STRESS!!!! WATCH THE PICTURE
This is one of the most gorgeous phones I have seen. I would rather suggest buying from a carrier as they are much cheaper cost wise and you get free VR gear as well. Making it even more worth it.The battery is bigger but personally it is draining out pretty fast even when kept idle. I am assuming it is because of the "always on" feature so I am going to disable that and check out a few more days. But that is least of my concerns as the battery does last about a whole day after a lot of usage.The addition of microSD slot is a good move as even the 32 GB inbuilt memory isnt enough for people like me. Specially when you are buying a high tech phone and expect to do almost every thing with your super phone you need lots of memory.The screen is crystal clear. The phone can take 4K Ultra HD videos which is great.The camera is great and the focus time taken is super fast. The phone is much sleeker.I wish this phone has IR as I loved using that feature on my hubby's Samsung note edge to show off and control almost any TV and even my xbox with it.The phone is pretty much waterproof if immersed in water for few minutes. It has an IP68 rating and can survive in few feet of water for about 10-15 minutes. Even the screen works in the water so you can take pictures and make videos. That is amazing :)You can check out the feel of this phone via my unboxing video.
Mailed out fast! Got it a day early! So glad i got the international version! And there is 4 reasons why.....Reason 1 - NOT FILLED WITH A TON OF BLOATWARE! No At&t crap apps.  It does have a few like facebook and instagram. But most people use them and other than that just disable it....Reason 2 - Because it's the international version... We have the GALAXY LAB! Where you can get the app draw remove! which I enjoy. American Carriers Took it out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Reason 3 - Paying full price, I am not stuck in a contract for 2 years where the bill doesn't lower after the 2 years are up. OR not stuck in a monthly contract paying off the phone paying interest.Reason 4 - I HAVE NO STUPID CARRIER LOGO ON MY PHONE!!!! Such an EYE SORE and aggravation for a company to put there logo on another companies devise thats is sold off to the consumer.... its s***ty graffiti.
AWESOME phone. Came prepackaged, sealed, Turned on in English. There was an Arabic file of some sort - which I deleted. The model number matches correctly. No issues or problems getting it going and activated. Took it to my local AT&T store for the sim card and it took a little extra time and a couple of restarts, but after that everything is working great. I'm still learning some of the little tricks that come with it. The cell coverage shows "4G", not "4GLTE". I don't know the difference. The ATT guy said some would say it was better, LOL. I have no idea but, whatever. There are a few pre-installed samsung/google things. Smart Switch uploaded many things, but some things like ringtones were not backed up. I had to go looking for them. In the process, I also discovered some new ones. Battery is doing just fine and lasts as expected. It has it's own Samsung factory warranty - 1 year. I haven't been able to find any way to tell for sure if this is the snapdragon or xynos processor, but as I stated earlier, the model number matches, so....my first experience with an unlocked phone purchase on Amazon has gone well, IMHO. Thus far.
The good:- Stunning display. Impressive 5.5 quad -HD screen shows crisp colors from various angles. Best screen on any smart phone.- Beautiful curved design is an eye-candy.- Camera is not 12 megapixels and superior to S6 and iPhone. Auto-focus is also has great speed leaving others in dust.- Large 3600mAh battery  is like having a phone + battery case without actually having the thick battery case. Hard to kill that battery in a day.- Always on mode constantly displays notifications without the need to unlock the phone. Again, the battery is so good.- Water resistant. IP68 rated which means the phone can be totally submerged in water up to 1mt deep and 30 minutes.- Micro SD expandable memoryThe Bad (not so much though):- Not removable battery pack. But 3600mAh is plenty. You can watch a full season of Breaking Bad with a single charge.- No USB-C so it's not future proof, but then again the lifetime of the phone is 1-2 years.- Only 32GB version available in US. But you can overcome this with micro-SD storage.Overall this phone makes me smile. It looks stunning, feels good in hand, performs fast, packed with tons of goodies and battery lasts long time. I would still definitely pair it with a phone case though to add grip and provide some protection against scratches and drops. I've ordered a bunch of cases and my favorites are Galaxy S7 Edge Case, LUVVITT [ClearView] Hybrid Scratch Resistant Back Cover with Shock Absorbing Bumper for Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge - Clear for a crystal clear slim protection and Galaxy S7 Edge Case, LUVVITT [Ultra Armor] Shock Absorbing Case Best Heavy Duty Dual Layer Tough Cover for Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge - Gunmetal / Black for sleek looking Armor style protection. Very high-end yet reasonable priced cases.
I paid for a new phone,  but the phone I received was already set up and displays 7 voicemails from the 19th of April thru the 13th of May, and the plastic film was put back on upside down. WTH! Sadly not only are they thieves,  but they are incompetent thieves!
The Edge models were a mistake. Samsung makes great products, but the Edge is just a failed gimmick. The edges on the phone screen actually distort both sides of the screen, actually causing difficulty viewing the whole screen at every angle. The idea was to enable viewing notifications from the side of your phone, but that was an unnecessary feature, and really only created functionality problems.  The rounded screen edges cause several problems. It causes an impossible glare on both sides of the phone anytime there is a light source to reflect it. This is a problem everywhere; outside and inside. And it doesn't matter how you turn your phone, the glare remains along the edges, and is a big distraction. On regular flat screen phones, you can get rid of glare by turning your phone. This is not possible with the Edge. Also, the screen is distorted on the sides where the "edge" is, because the picture "rolls" around the sides of the edge like old fashioned TV's; but much worse.  It's very distracting to view pictures, watch video, and play games. One final problem caused by the edges of the phone is that cases made for it have to keep the edges exposed in order to fit the phone and view the screen.  This makes the screen ultra-vulnerable to scratches and breaks.  Most cases don't even come past the plane of the front of the screen!  Even the bulkier ones.  For comparison, I've owned a Galaxy S5 for 2 years without scratching it.  I work in construction, and have dropped my S5 probably hundreds of times.  Had an Otter Box case on it, but removed the screen protector to prevent dust from getting between it and my screen.  Somehow the S5 screen is still perfect!  I just bought the S6 Edge Plus, and the exposed edge of it got scratched the first few days with a case on it.  Hopefully, Samsung well concede that the edge was a mistake, and they will discontinue it. I recommend the regular S6, S7, or Note models. You will be much happier with any traditional, flat-screened phone.
I purchased this S7 edge back in March. After two months, it started showing some screen color issues with annoying purple stripes all over the screen and the cellphone itself feels hot. I had to set the brightness to the maximum to temporarily "avoid" screen issues. And what's worse, the screen just died completely and I can't even turn off this phone since the screen is no longer functioning. Now I am trying to return this failed S7 edge and get my money back and never gonna buy any Samsung product again.
I’ve read review after glowing review about Samsung’s current flagship phone, the Galaxy S7 Edge, and it makes me wonder if I’m using the same phone that they are. I know when a new product gets reviewed, the experience is different because they only try it out for a few days before writing about it. To be fair, I rather enjoyed my new phone for the first month or so as well. But now that I’m a few months in, it’s really starting to piss me off. It’s almost to the point where I want to use it as a wireless hotspot for my old, deactivated iPhone 5S.Here are the eleven biggest (yes, there’s more than eleven!) pain points I’m experiencing with my Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge:BEAUTIFUL BUT HIGHLY FRAGILEThese phones are engineered to break – both your heart and the phone itself. I cannot say this emphatically enough – Gorilla Glass is not a selling point, because it provides no protection for the delicate, breakable design of this phone. The S7 Edge has glass on the front and the back, and it will shatter at the slightest ding. We know. One of our two identical phones shattered within a week without a case. This must be protected at all times by a sturdy, impact-resistant case like an Otterbox. That’s a shame for a phone that’s designed like a piece of art.BIG BATTERY, MEET POWER-HUNGRY PHONEThe Galaxy S7 Edge may tout one of the largest batteries on the smartphone market, but it does little good when it’s paired with such a power-guzzling phone. I routinely – really, at least five days a week – go from 100% charge when I wake up to less than 50% by noon. (And that’s on a good day.) This isn’t a two day phone. If it’s a one day phone, I probably forgot it at home all day. The one saving grace is the built-in Quick Charge 2.0 capabilities, but I’ve found myself creating a network of strategically placed QC 2.0 charging banks at my most visited spots at home, at work and in my car. I even have a power bank six times bigger than the S7’s battery that I carry most of the time.STORAGE SPACE: 32 GB IS THE NEW 16Several years ago, I got my first smartphone and my first Android phone – Sprint’s HTC Evo. I experienced a pain back then similar to one of my biggest pains right now, which is the frustrating lack of on-board storage. The Evo rocked a staggering 1 GB of on-board storage and came with an 8 GB SD card. The problem was that so little of the on-board storage was available for apps, and not all apps supported running off an SD card. It was a constant barrage of “out of space” errors.Forget about the all the media we download or generate. There should be adequate room for the apps we use. This is, after all, a smartphone. I’ve used a 16 GB iPhone for two years, and it’s criminal that Apple had such a small phone on the market for so long. One would think the 32 GB of space on the Galaxy S7 Edge would be serviceable, but I’m getting the same space crunch that I experienced with the Evo all over again.I’ve scaled my installed apps back to the bare minimum that I use on a somewhat regular basis, which is about 150. I don’t know if that is a low or high number on average, but that’s me. There are 109 of those that must live on the phone, including all the non-removable bloatware apps from Samsung and Verizon. I’ve moved all 40 or so apps that can be moved to the SD card. I store all photos and videos on the SD card. I’m still under 1 GB of free space, which is rendering the phone as a whole laggy and unstable.This is not an issue unique to this phone. Most of the phones on the market are singular 32 GB models. There is the “adoptable storage” feature of Android Marshmallow that could ease some of these issues, but Samsung doesn’t allow its use on this phone (at least, without some clever workarounds).APPS DON’T STAY PUTThis is also more of an Android frustration, but exacerbated by the limited storage issues of the phone. I’ve worked so diligently to move all eligible apps to the SD card to keep my precious free space in tact. But whenever an app updates, it moves the app back to the internal memory, requiring me to move the app all over again. This is not a speedy process either, and there are certain offenders like Facebook’s portfolio of bloated apps that update all… the… time. Last night, I had 9 apps auto-update on me, which gave me a lot of work to do during breakfast this morning. Is the phone really smart if it can’t remember where to store an app after it updates?THE CAMERA IS FRUSTRATINGLY UN-SNAPPYPart of the appeal of a smartphone for most – and 90% for me – is having a good camera with you at all times. A good percentage of the decision to do this phone instead of another iPhone was the quality of the camera, especially in low light. Unfortunately, the camera is anything but reliable. In fact, it’s downright infuriating in critical situations where I need a responsive camera at the right moment, whether that’s a family picture or something for work. The camera has been, more often than not, totally unresponsive to taps of the shutter, and when it is responsive, there is often a delay causing blurry, unintended results.Then there’s the video performance. Dropped frames are present on every video, no matter what resolution I shoot with. There is a noticeable delay between pressing “record” and the start of shooting, and there is almost always a delay between audio and video at the end of the recording. Other apps also seem to have negative effects on the performance of the camera. I would often get glitching and sync issues when I had Google Now set to listen in any app. Disabling that helped, but the performance of the camera is wholly disappointing, so much so that I now often carry my old deactivated iPhone 5S with me every day solely as a reliable pocket camera.IT’S A HOT MESSThe Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is possibly the best phone ever for people who have cold hands. It’s gets warm a lot, and overheats several times a day, in a wide variety of everyday situations. When it goes into its “Cooling Down” mode, performance severely degrades, which adds to the frustration of the experience. I get the times when it goes into this protective mode if the sun shines on it while it’s in my car mount, but not when it’s just sitting on my desk charging. I currently have it in a Spigen Neo Hybrid case, which has a reasonably thin silicone backing. It’s not thick enough to cause heating issues like this. So as a phone it’s not so great, but as a hot plate for keeping your coffee warm, it’s certainly capable.STARTING OVERThis thing reboots a lot on its own at random (inopportune) times, or at least it thinks it does. I can’t quite make out a pattern for why it does this, but sometimes it will just up and restart itself. Then there’s the times where it seems to restart itself without going through all the motions. I’ll try to unlock it with my fingerprint – also a process that’s nowhere near as snappy as they lead you to believe – and it tells me that I must use my pattern unlock because it just restarted. Although, it didn’t. That aside, you’d think that the performance would be better because it’s starting up fresh after a reboot, but you’d be wrong.TOUCHWIZ – AFTER CHEEZ WHIZ, NOW MY LEAST FAVORITE WIZEverybody knows by this point that Samsung’s TouchWiz interface is pretty terrible. I agree. It kills performance, is pretty ugly and not that customizable. So there’s not much more to say about it. Luckily you can do something about it by installing a third-party launcher. I use Nova Launcher, which I mostly recommend. There’s so much you can do with it and it removes a lot of the friction from the user experience. My only qualm with it is some of the icons of apps on the SD card disappear when you reboot the phone. You can back up your layouts to help with that problem though.ALWAYS ON, ALWAYS KIND OF USELESSOne of the biggest selling points of the Galaxy S7 and other phones of this generation is an always on display. The novelty of having a limited display of information like the clock, calendar or notifications seems like a super-handy thing, but in everyday use it’s not that big of a deal. In fact, the cost/benefit ratio considering the battery drain on an already battery-hungry device makes it seem like a non-starter. If there were more customization you could do to what’s displayed, it might be worthwhile, but the options are pretty limited. Most often, I keep it turned off. It’s a feature with unrealized potential, for certain.CUTTING EDGE?Speaking of features with unrealized potential, let’s talk about the Edge. You know, the curved (but barely) edges of the screen that offer convenience in ways the iPhone can’t? Well, I don’t think I’ve used these features more than a handful of times in the few months I’ve owned this phone, and I don’t see that changing. The Edge Panels are not all that useful, at least any more so than getting to the intended places faster than just navigating there through regular means. There are a couple things like a ruler that are handy in extremely limited circumstances, but not enough to justify going with the Edge over the regular S7.In fact, the main reason I went with the Edge was the slightly bigger screen. That said, it’s really not great for watching full-screen content, as there is some color degradation on – and due to – the edges when watching brightly-colored images. There’s no reason for the curve except maybe seeing color strobing when you receive a notification and the phone is face-down, but with an always on display and wireless charging, I never keep it face down. If anything, the curve exists to make the phone more fragile, and it does that remarkably well.SAMSUNG PAY – NO, SAMSUNG, PAY MORE ATTENTION TO SUPPORTING THIS FEATUREI was really looking forward to the day I could leave my wallet in my pocket and use my phone to pay for stuff. Samsung was looking forward to that day too, and has offered multiple incentives to get people using the feature. Unfortunately, they’ve done an astoundingly-poor job of getting banks on-board to support Samsung Pay. I have a lot of cards in my wallet (from both local and national institutions), and I don’t think a single one is supported. I’d love to use Samsung Pay someday, if they ever let me.There was a brief, shining moment where I did actually use the app though. They started allowing you to store membership and loyalty cards in the app. These cards flood my keychain and my wallet, so I was thrilled to be able to add them to my phone. Certain ones like my Costco card are natively supported, while others like my library cards worked by manual addition. I got them all programmed in and ready to go, and I used it once at a grocery store, much to my delight. Then I went the second time to a grocery store with famously poor cell reception and my cards would not work whatsoever. Shortly thereafter, an update occurred and my entire portfolio of cards disappeared, never to be seen again. That was the end of that experiment.IN CONCLUSION, I HATE THIS PHONE WITH A PASSIONI love Android so much better than iPhone for a host of reasons, and I had such high hopes that my original Android experience would turn around with improved hardware. Unfortunately, if this phone is any indication, Android hasn’t matured quite yet and the hardware is largely to blame. For being the Cadillac of Android smartphones in 2016, I find myself dumbfounded as to why my experience is so overwhelmingly negative. I find myself now counting the months and days until I’m eligible to upgrade out of the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge into a more stable, capable smartphone, and I really wish that wasn’t the case.
I've had nothing but issues with this phone since I got it.  I have apps randomly opening and closing on it's own.  I've read online that it is due to the screen being too sensitive.  I've been waiting for a update from Samsung on this matter but it seems like my phone was from Egypt and I have not received an update yet.  Pretty much the phone has been unusable for me because I can't even type or navigate the phone without it closing me out of applications or opening up ones randomly.  I am very disappointed in this.  What are my options?
Perfect replacement for my old phone which I was using for a couple of months. Before buying this I went through many reviews online to make sure I don't get disappointed after buying this. Was happy to make a good choice and so far has been a good experience.
Bought this specifically because I wanted the Exynos processor instead of the Snapdragon and so that I can root if I wanted to.  I'm on T-Mobile US and did my research to ensure that my bands are supported - which they all are except for some 3G.  I bought this phone from a seller named 'lifeline###' and the box the phone came in had the factory seal.  As another reviewer pointed out, my phone originated from the United Arab Emirates so this came with a non-US friendly charge adapter and the manual appears to be in English & Arabic.  In any case, the phone is great working order and I was able to just pop in my T-Mobile SIM card with no configuration needed, nor a visit to the T-Mobile store!I upgraded from a Galaxy S5 so all I had was the regular charging block which doesn't support the fast charge.  I went ahead and purchased the Aukey QC 3.0 block and I'm fast charging away!
Awesome device, water resistant, pretty fast. It's going to work with a lot of carrier all over the world. Beautiful external case made of glass. Samsung did it pretty good this time, for sure. The product came with an adapter for if you want to use it in the US. Another important feature is that you can still use this in the US and have the 4G compatibility, the only thing that you are going to miss it is the processor as the other US version has a better processor using the snapdragon 820. However, the Samsung exynos is pretty powerful too, so you probably wont feel the difference.
Before buying refurbished phone from seller MASTERTRONICS. I had asked if it was compatible with my provider and if it had large scratches. He assured me full compatibility and no scratches. I have to say he was right phone works perfectly and have not one scratch I would definitely recommend this seller I will definitely purchase from seller again thank you for this amazing buy it could not ask for more.
I'm really pleased with the product,Met my expectations and the information provided by the seller is correct as the photos.I really recommend the product because for me it was very useful.I hope my comments were helpful
The best phone I have ever owned.  It works well when paired with the Gear S2 watch.  Love the screen, performance, camera, and video.  It plays games really well with short load times and you can customize the amount of processing power dedicated to gaming to save battery life.  The battery life is really good.  Can get through a whole day with video, gaming, chatting, taking pictures, and some navigation.  It charges from nearly empty to full in about 40 minutes.  The always on clock is much more functional then I initially expected.  Wanted a bigger screen than the S7 so I ordered the edge.  I like a bigger screen but I do not use the edge tray much.There have been a few niggles since I have owned it, I bought it in May 2016 when it came out.  First, I have had to turn it off completely and then restart it to receive phone calls about once a week.  Do not know why this happens but every few days someone tells me they called several times and my phone didn't ring.  After looking at the service signal I noticed that I had no signal in my house, where I have always had a signal in the past.  Now I have to be cognizant of this and check for a signal regularly. The only solution has been a shut down/restart.  Afterwards it works fine.  Second, sometimes it says there is no wifi even though there is, the only solution again is to restart/shut down.  After the restart it works fine.  The last niggle is that the edges of this phone are active, meaning if your hand touches the sides of the phone, like when you are texting, it presses/changes things unintentionally.  It is not just with me, I have given the phone to strangers to take a picture with me and my family and they nearly always end up hitting the back button or go to the gallery while holding the phone up for a picture.My wife has a Samsung Note 4 and she has not had the issues with signal reliability or the wifi so I am hoping that it will be fixed with a software update.  There have been 3 software updates since I bought the phone and they have not resolved the issue.  All in all, I would recommend the phone, but with reservations that if you are using it for business you may want to look elsewhere.